the music box here at the fonda theatre
we bring you full rounds of a
welterweight action scoring will be
lower case junior Marty Dinkin a gwen
adair once again european charges dr.
james a gin kin introducing first he'll
be fighting out of the blue corner and
he weighed in at 147 and a half pounds
he's wearing the black trunks trimmed in
white he's undefeated as professional
with one victory and it comes to us from
San Francisco California here is James
Cook and his opponent fighting out of
the red corner he also weighed in at 147
and a half pounds he's wearing the white
and black trunks he has a perfect
professional one two three bouts between
the trees one win by knockout from
Armenia ladies and gentlemen here is
Vito the Armenian
that's funny on
Vardhan veto gets bearing getting good
reaction from the crowd big Armenian
contingency here tonight and he's got a
lot of fans in here yeah is he does seem
like he's a crowd favorite an hour we'll
see what James Cook has to say about
that because it looks pretty strong and
it looked like this could be a pretty
good fight
alongside John Bray in the corner of V
togas Baron junior bantamweight junior
featherweight contender art simonian
james cook over committing to a few
punches little off balance yes buddy
very patient in a so very relaxing on
short short left hook lands in there you
rights you know you know you see
gasparyan very very very well-balanced
never overcome into a punch unless he
feels it Alyssa he feels will be
significant to Tino strategy in this
fight nice left hook over the tough
follows up with a right hand to the body
yeah I like the way gasp AFL's a spongy
throws especially with a lot of snap on
a minute you never get you a lot of
knockouts real crisp real smooth and his
motion we throws that punch
cook is going to have to stand his
ground stand his ground with despair any
plans to make something out of this
fight scene oh yeah gets better he's
putting on lip special cookies coming
forward he's staying right in his face
and all James cocoa I was going out to
deal with that in this fight nice short
uppercut lands in their clothes for
gasparyan nice right hand down stairs by
Vito gasparyan
in the scale plea for James Cook is it
look like I from the links over dustbins
not even warmed up yet he's just getting
more than their left tuk follows it up
with a straight right hand down the
middle catches james cook clean God
Martin's got some fans niyati tonight
yes so far he's he's like he's a big
favorite and now you got a lot of fans
out there and he's putting on a good
show for him also can't wait to see bolo
come out here just hear what kind of
reaction he gets a knife from the fans
if this if this is coming up the lane on
the undercard exactly because this
should definitely be a pro ball Demi
abella will rob you know he's the main
event he's he's been a future fighter
who here we found a theater for the last
two years straight right hand lands
right on the solar plexus for gasparyan
very good around for VAR Danne gasparyan
you see him he's always bounced always
as his feet set when he throws his I
hunt you bought